Update inforamation about provided wheels versions (#565)
inducer/pyopencl: doc/misc.rst

using registry keys are automatically available.

Installing from PyPI wheels
---------------------------

PyOpenCL distributes wheels for Python 3.6-3.10 for macOS, Windows, GLIBC base Linux and musl base Linux.
For GLIBC base linux minimum version of GLIBC is 2.17. 

> There are also distributted wheels for PyPy 3.7-3.9 but only for GLIBC based linux 

Reviewer: I agree that this information will likely not age well, especially the reference to specific platforms and version numbers. Maybe just link to the pypi page? People can see themselves whether a wheel is available for their platform. I think less specific is the way to go here.

For all systems there are 64 bit wheels available. 32 bit wheels are available for linux only.

Wheels for linux are build using `ocl-icd`. Wheels for Windows and MacOS are build using 
OpenCL-ICD-Loader from KhronosGroup

To install type::

    pip install pyopencl

On Linux the wheels comes with OCL-ICD bundled and configured to use any OpenCL implementation

> supporting ICD interface installed in :file:`/etc/OpenCL/vendors`

Reviewer: Integrate this with the blurb about loaders above?

using registry keys are automatically available.

Installing from PyPI wheels
---------------------------

> PyOpenCL distributes wheels for most popular systems and versions.
> To check available versions please visit `PyPI page for PyOpenCL <https://pypi.org/project/pyopencl/>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PyOpenCL distributes wheels for most popular OSs and Python versions.
To check available versions please visit `PyPI page for PyOpenCL <https://pypi.org/project/pyopencl/>`__.
```

> On Linux the wheels comes with OCL-ICD bundled and configured to use any OpenCL implementation
> supporting ICD interface installed in :file:`/etc/OpenCL/vendors`.
> Wheels for Windows and MacOS are build using 
> OpenCL-ICD-Loader from KhronosGroup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Linux, the wheels come with `OCL-ICD <https://github.com/OCL-dev/ocl-icd>`__ bundled and
configured to use any OpenCL implementation supporting the ICD interface and listed
in :file:`/etc/OpenCL/vendors`.
Wheels for Windows and MacOS are built using the ICD Loader from the Khronos Group.
```

> To install type::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install, type::
```
